as starved
your fault
sanz dictated is claiming gossip
gossip for your unhealthy comments
intriguing ruines
No, but you said unsuspected things
her
the claim that makes me together
with you all
here it happens here
no no no no
sandy top is claiming her angel
because he finished the gossip that I was
interista how cute
both first
so that it can be another true relationship
or false
there you have decisions of the one who finishes
who is who
that is, you said Iba could not have
nothing if I did not sign legally but yes
but then you start and that's not
well no no but I without a job
journalistic
and I said there does not pass the part the
interview and I tell him because he tells me that
I speculate not to speculate and through
the cameras if you affirm you are voted not
because of course he told me that you care
I care that I have in my
cell phone the documents that
guarantee that it is not yet separately and
I want to negotiate to you that the interest
is that they have to understand that here
I am here beside my friend has
that understand its scope that we are
artists in our life is the fears
with perotti the castro that cares without
sign a paper or is not what came
speaking at work because the gentleman
alcoholizes on weekends and
on Mondays and I had to look good
I hope you do not like me because
I am an idol of crowds until you are a
simple catheter
please from there
music